PRIVACY POLICY

This privacy policy governs your use of the software application QuickBeer ("Application") for mobile devices that was created by Ztesch Productions. The Application provides information, reviews, and rating functionality for beers and other drinks.

1. WHAT INFORMATION DOES THE APPLICATION OBTAIN AND HOW IS IT USED?

1.1. USER PROVIDED INFORMATION

The Application displays data from RateBeer service. Using the Application will transmit your search queries, reviews and other actions to the RateBeer service as part of the application functionality. For RateBeer privacy policy, see https://www.ratebeer.com/privacy_policy.asp.

The Application lets you use RateBeer account for storing and accessing your reviews. Using RateBeer account is optional. However, please keep in mind that you may not be able to use some of the features offered by the Application unless you log in with an active account.

1.2. BARCODE SCANNER

The Application contains functionality for scanning barcodes with the device camera. Using this feature requires granting the Application permission to use the camera. Images captured by the camera are not transmitted outside the device. The camera is not used for other purposes.

The Application uses Google ML Kit for barcode detection. The ML Kit may contact Google servers from time to time in order to receive things like bug fixes, updated models and hardware accelerator compatibility information. The ML Kit APIs also send metrics about the performance and utilization of the APIs in your app to Google. Google uses this metrics data to measure performance, debug, maintain and improve the APIs, and detect misuse or abuse, as further described in Privacy Policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy.

Collected data includes the following:

    · Device information (such as manufacturer, model, OS version and build) and available ML hardware accelerators (GPU and DSP). Used for diagnostics and usage analytics.
    · App information (package name / bundle id, app version). Used for diagnostics and usage analytics.
    · API configuration (such as image format and resolution). Used for diagnostics and usage analytics.
    · Event type (such as initialize, download model, update, run, detection). Used for diagnostics and usage analytics.
    · Error codes. Used for diagnostics.
    · Performance metrics. Used for diagnostics.
    · Per-installation identifiers that do not uniquely identify a user or physical device. Used for operation of remote configuration and usage analytics.
    · Network request sender IP addresses. Used for remote configuration diagnostics. Collected IP addresses are retained temporarily.

1.2. AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED INFORMATION

The Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, and information about the way you use the Application.

2. DOES THE APPLICATION COLLECT PRECISE REAL TIME LOCATION INFORMATION OF THE DEVICE?

This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.

3. DO THIRD PARTIES SEE AND/OR HAVE ACCESS TO INFORMATION OBTAINED BY THE APPLICATION?

Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve the Application. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.

We may disclose Automatically Collected Information:

    · as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
    · when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
    · with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.

4. WHAT ARE MY OPT-OUT RIGHTS?

You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.

5. DATA RETENTION POLICY

We do not retain User Provided Information.

We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate.

6. YOUR CONSENT

By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing" means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information.

7. CONTACT US

If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at quickbeer@ztesch.fi.